f-decorators
They are just functions that can be used to add meta-data, properties or functions to the thing they are attached to
	
--what is enum
--The command runs the application through a web-server that support HTML5 push-state routing.

BOOTSTRAP
to boot or to load a program into a computer using a much smaller initial program to load in the desired program
To "bootstrap" an Angular application means to initialize and start the execution of the application

-module concepts
In JavaScript the term module generally refers to code which exists in a single file. An NgModule is a different concept, it combines code from different files together into one package.

NOTE - By setting the selector to joke we’ve told angular that whenever it finds a tag in the HTML like <joke></joke> to use an instance of the JokeComponent class to control it.

pathlocation strategy and hashlocation strategy


MVC architecture
The component class contains the business logic, data manipulation methods, and interacts with services or APIs to retrieve or update the data. It communicates with the view by using Angular's data binding and event handling mechanisms, allowing the view to reflect the changes in the model and respond to user actions.

-what is design pattern

-constructor VS ngOnInit
Unlike the constructor, ngOnInit is called after Angular has initialized the component's input properties and injected dependencies, and after the DOM is available for manipulation. This makes it a safer place to perform more complex initialization tasks.

========Git configuring
  git config --global user.email "you@example.com"
  git config --global user.name "Your Name"

=======Typescript Notes
!
The ! operator asserts that a value will not be null or undefined
as it essentially tells TypeScript to trust you
If you're wrong and the value is actually null or undefined, it will result in a runtime error.

?
The ? operator is used when defining properties in TypeScript interfaces or types to indicate that a property is optional, meaning it may or may not be present in an object of that type.

Signature in Typescript
Signatures are an essential part of TypeScript's type system and play a crucial role in defining the shape of functions and methods that can be used in your code.

Interfaces are contract
They specify the shape of object

interfaces duck typing

Classes
class Car {
    constructor(public model:string ,public year:number){

    }
	
    static color = red;
}

let xuv = new Car("300",1990);

console.log(xuv.model);

-accessor function means  getter and setters 
-static properties only accessible on class itself like --> Car.color
-Access Modifiers - public , private , protected 
	private - strictly accessible inside the class "only" not in sub-class
 	protected - available inside 'main' and 'sub classes' not in instance of classes
-Inheritance means use of extends keyword
-implements means to have contract in between

Abstract classes
Created with abstract keyword
base classes may not be instantiated only sub classes created from it can be instantiated
may contain implementation details 
If u add abstract method in base class other subclass has to implement it first
